fix: hide pagination query params if pagination mode is set to none (#30292)
backstage/backstage: .changeset/open-seas-ring.md

---
'@backstage/plugin-catalog-react': patch
---

> fix: hide pagination query params if pagination mode is set to none

Reviewer: ```suggestion
hide pagination `queryparams` if pagination mode is set to none
```
